[Docs] Mention that datamodules can also be used with `.test()` method (#5286)
PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning: docs/source/test_set.rst

Test set
========
Lightning forces the user to run the test set separately to make sure it isn't evaluated by mistake.

> Testing is preformed using the `trainer` objects `.test()` method.
> 
> .. automethod:: pytorch_lightning.trainer.trainer.Trainer.test

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Testing is performed using the ``trainer`` object's ``.test()`` method.

.. automethod:: pytorch_lightning.trainer.Trainer.test
```

    trainer.test(test_dataloaders=test)

You can either pass in a single dataloader or a list of them. This optional named
parameter can be used in conjunction with any of the above use cases. Additionally,
you can also pass in an :ref:`datamodules` that have overridden the

> `test_dataloader` method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``test_dataloader`` method.
```

Reviewer: is there a way to link the docs for test_dataloader from the datamodule docs here? https://pytorch-lightning.readthedocs.io/en/latest/datamodules.html#test-dataloader

Author: @rohitgr7 I have added a label to the datamodule docs, which is now linked to
